10.8.0 Changlog (#4725)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/_changelogs/10.8.0.md

> ## 10.7.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 10.8.0
```

Author: OMG....I had 10.9.0 before pushing. I must not want to release as 10.8.0 😅

_Released 9/13/2022_

**Features:**

> - You can now run tests in Webkit, Safari's browser engine, by enabled the

Reviewer 2: 🎉

> - You can now run tests in Webkit, Safari's browser engine, by enabled the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- You can now run tests in Webkit, Safari's browser engine, by enabling the
```

**Performance:**

- Several minor changes were made to reduce Cypress's memory footprint in the
  browser in an attempt to improve test times and reduce the likelihood of
  crashing the launched browser under test. Addressed in
  [#23708](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/23708),
  [#23729](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/23729),
  [#23737](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/23737), and
  [#23738](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/23738).

**Bugfixes:**

- Corrected the spec results that are published to the Dashboard to correctly
  show whether a video of the spec was uploaded to review. Before this change,
  the Dashboard would shows the error message `The media could not be loaded`
  when a passing test's video was not uploaded because `videoUploadOnPasses` was
  `false`. Fixes [#2939](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/2939).
- Fixed an issue where the stack traces in `run` mode did not match the stack
  traces shown in `open` mode. Now, In the terminal, users will see the source
  map line and column number in the error stack trace. Fixes
  [#7715](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/7715).

> - Fix a bug where projects using Node.js 16.17+ and 18.6+ with ES Modules and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where projects using Node.js 16.17+ and 18.6+ with ES Modules and
```

  TypeScript were not working with Cypress. Fixes
  [#22795](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22795),
  [#23393](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23393) and
  [#23552](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23552).

> - When users on Windows use the spec list search, if their search term contains
>   any instances of `/`, we now replaced with `\` to correctly match the Windows
>   path. Fixes [#23426](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23426).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When searching for specs we now normalize OS-specific path separators so that Windows users can use back- and forward-slashes. Fixes [#23426](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23426).
```

- Fixed an regression introduced in Cypress [10.3.0](#10-3-0), and further
  exposed in [10.4.0](#10-4-0), that omitted `same-site` cookies when the URL
  Scheme, Domain, and Top Level Domain matched, but the ports are different

>   (i,.e. same-site). Fixes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  (i.e. same-site). Fixes
```

- Autoscrolling of the command log can no longer become disabled in `run` mode.
  This fixes issue observed where the reporter randomly stops scrolling during a
  video recording and the Command log details are not visible. Fixes
  [#16098](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/16098) and
  [#22199](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22199).
- The `cypress/react18` [`cy.mount()`](/guides/component-testing/mounting-react)
  command's yielded rerender function has been updated to only create one
  `ReactDom.Root` element. This fixes the issue where state did not persist
  between rerenders, and all lifecycle hooks were reran when executed. Fixes
  [#23357](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23357).
- Fixed a regression introduced in Cypress [10.0.0](#10-0-0) where Cypress was
  incompatible with Chrome v64 - v70. Fixes
  [#23509](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23644).
- Fixes an issue where outdated organization and project information could be
  shown in dialogs when connecting a project to the Cypress Dashboard. Fixes
  [#23538](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23538)

> - Changes were made to set the `Sec-Fetch-Dest`
>   [metadata request header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Fetch_metadata_request_header)
>   to `document` when the request was sent from the Application Under Test when
>   the
>   [`experimentalModifyObstructiveThirdPartyCode`](/guides/references/experiments#Configuration)
>   experiment is enabled. This was updated to prevent Google Authentication from
>   returning `403 forbidden` in Edge and Electron. Fixes
>   [#23720](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/23720).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `Sec-Fetch-Dest`
  [metadata request header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Fetch_metadata_request_header)
  is now set to `document` when the request is sent from the Application Under Test when
  the
  [`experimentalModifyObstructiveThirdPartyCode`](/guides/references/experiments#Configuration)
  experiment is enabled. This was updated to prevent Google Authentication from
  returning `403 forbidden` in Edge and Electron. Fixes
  [#23720](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/23720).
```

- Correctly override the Electron `userAgent`when the
  [`userAgent`](/guides/references/configuration#Browser) configuration option
  is provided or
  [`experimentalModifyObstructiveThirdPartyCode`](/guides/references/experiments#Configuration)
  experiment is enabled. Fixes
  [#23597](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23597).
- Fixed a regression introduced in [10.4.0](#10.4.0) where referencing an
  aliased custom commands would return undefined. Fixes
  [#23652](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23652).

> - Users can now log in to the Dashboard from the "Choose a browser" page of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Users can now log into the Dashboard from the "Choose a browser" page of the
```
